So the passing of the property works fine,
we can use props like this. Important to note is we not only output in the template of course, we could
also have a method here so this methods array where we have switch name and this is a function where I simply
want to return this my name, so I can access it with this like I can access any property in the data
property, it set up in the same way, this my name split because it is an array in the end, a string is
just an array of character, split with well an empty string so to split on each character then reverse
it and then join it on each character,
this simply will reverse the name. I can then of course here execute
switch name and that will as you see work fine too, say on Max of course.
The reason why it works fine is that I can of course use this props here like a normal property in my
whole vue object I have down there,
I can access it with this, I can access it like normal, like a normal property set up in the data
object.
This is so important to understand, this is why that is a perfectly valid way to use my props.